# SpringularReddit
## A Springboot and Angular based Reddit App


Documentation for the Spring Boot annotations used

## Core
@Repository  
This annotation in Spring Boot is used to indicate that a particular class serves as a repository, typically providing database access or data manipulation functionality  


## Lombok annotation
@Getter/@Setter  
The @Getter annotation in Spring Boot is a Lombok annotation that automatically generates getter methods for class fields.

@Builder  
The @Builder annotation automatically generates a builder pattern for a class, allowing for easy creation of instances with chained method calls.

@AllArgsConstructor/@NoArgsConstructor  
This annotation generates a constructor with arguments for all/none fields in a class

## Java Persistent Api (JPA) annotation
@Entity  
This annotation is used to mark a Java class as an entity, indicating that it will be mapped to a database table.  
The @Entity annotation is typically used in conjunction with other JPA annotations, such as @Id to specify the primary key of the entity, @Column to define the mapping to table columns, and @OneToMany, @ManyToOne, or @ManyToMany to establish relationships between entities

@Id  
The @Id annotation is used to mark a field in a Java class as the primary identifier of an entity

@GeneratedValue  
The annotation in Spring Boot is used to generate automatic values for primary key fields in database entities. It is commonly used in conjunction with the @Id annotation to indicate that the value for the annotated field will be generated by the underlying database

@Lob  
The annotation is used to specify that a particular attribute or field should be treated as a large object. It is commonly used when dealing with binary data or large text values such as images, documents, or long text.

@ManyToOne(fetch = FetchType.LAZY)
The @ManyToOne annotation in Spring Boot is used to establish a many-to-one relationship between two entities in a database. It is typically used when one entity can have multiple associations with another entity.  
The fetch = FetchType.LAZY parameter specifies that the associated Customer object should be loaded lazily, i.e., only when it is explicitly accessed. This means that the customer data will not be automatically fetched when querying for an order unless requested.

@JoinColumn(name = userID", referencedColumnName = "userId"")  
The @JoinColumn annotation in Spring Boot is used to specify the join column mapping between two entities in a relational database. It is commonly used in entity relationships such as One-to-One or Many-to-One.  
This mapping ensures that the userId column in the Post table is used as the foreign key to join with the userId column in the User table.

@Table  
The annotation is used to specify the mapping of a Java class to a database table.